dogs have been used here since
Amundsen's day but dogs are ecological
aliens and it's been decided that they
must go
many regret that dogs are great
companions and they can detect one of
the major hazards of Antarctic travel a
snow-covered crevasse and stop before
they all fall in no motorized sledge can
do that this team will be sent to
Minnesota in the United States its
departure will mark the end of a great
chapter in the short history of mankind
in Antarctic they will be replaced by
motorized quakes
there's a limit to the amount of fuel
such vehicles can carry so they can't
cover such great distances as a dog team
but they do travel faster they used to
take two days with dogs to reach more
sin Templar colony now it's only a three
hour drive all year even throughout the
winter
scientists visit this colony to monitor
its progress as part of a long-term
study there's a serious scientific
purpose behind this rugby tackling the
bird is to be fitted with a transmitter
that will send regular signals by way of
an orbiting satellite to a monitoring
station in Tasmania it too is given an
identifying mark if this bird is like
others it's now setting off on a hundred
mile march to reach open water and when
it gets there it will dive to an
astonishing depth of 450 meters to catch
fish and all the time be recording
information to say where it is
you